feat(tree): Add `minVersionForCollaboration` option to `configuredSharedTreeBeta` (#26342)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/gross-apples-defend.md

---
"fluid-framework": minor
"@fluidframework/tree": minor
"__section": feature
---
Promote MinimumVersionForCollab to beta

Promotes the [MinumumVersionForCollab](https://fluidframework.com/docs/api/runtime-definitions/minimumversionforcollab-typealias) type to beta, and adds option to [configuredSharedTreeBeta](https://fluidframework.com/docs/api/fluid-framework#configuredsharedtreebeta-function) for specifying it when creating a new `SharedTree`.

This allows users to opt into new features and optimizations that are only available when certain minimum version thresholds are guaranteed.
For more details, see [FluidClientVersion](https://fluidframework.com/docs/api/fluid-framework#fluidclientversion-variable)

#### Example usage

```typescript

> // Configure SharedTree DDS to ensure all clients must be on at least version `2.80.0` in order to collaborate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Configure SharedTree DDS to limit the features it requires of collaborators and future document users to only those available in version `2.80.0` and later, overriding the `MinumumVersionForCollab` provided by the runtime, or the default of "2.0.0" if none was provided.
```

> // Edits made to this DDS by a client on an earlier version will fail, preventing potential  document corruption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Edits made to this DDS by this client might cause clients older than the specified version to be unable to open the document and/or error out of collaboration sessions.
```
